Krknwk 18969 update documentation for nrf54 (#560)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/setting_up_sidewalk_environment/setting_up_hardware.rst

    +---------------+-------------+
    | NRESET        | P0.04       |
    +---------------+-------------+
   
   .. tab:: nRF54l15pdk

      The nrf54l15pdk does not have Arduino compatible header.
      The connection layout may differ depending on the revision of the pdk used.
      Those GPIO assignments are suggested by Nordic team, but if it is necessary to change the pinout, please see the SoC documentation, as some functions are limited to dedicated pins. 

      The nrf54l15pdk operates on lower voltage level (1.8V). Semtech Shield is compatible with this voltage, and it can be safely provided to the pin marked as 3.3V.

>       Due to the lower voltage the Semtech radio can not achieve the full transmit power, and it will plato at 15dBm gain, even when bigger value is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Due to the lower voltage, the Semtech radio cannot achieve the full transmit power, and it will reach a plateau at 15 dBm gain even when a higher value is configured.
```

>       The specification of the Semtech module describes that it is possible to provide separate, higher voltage source for radio, while maintaining lower voltage for communication, but the suggested shield can not be configured in such a way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The specification of the Semtech module describes that it is possible to provide separate, higher voltage source for radio, while maintaining lower voltage for communication. 
      However, the recommended shield does not support this configuration.
```

      .. tabs::

>          .. tab:: @0.2.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .. tab:: PDK revision v0.2.1
```

>             This revision does not require any hardware modification, but the buttons are reused to connect SX126X shield.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The v0.2.1 PDK revision does not require any hardware modification, but the buttons are reused to connect the Semtech SX126X shield.
```

>             Pressing the buttons while working with Semtech module, will cause malfunction which may result in undefined behavior.
>             This is the limitation of the pdk in this revision. It is possible to assign different pins for the radio shield, but this may require to disable some functionality on PDK, or cut/solder some bridges on the pdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Pressing the buttons while working with Semtech module can lead to malfunctions and undefined behavior.
            This issue is caused by the limitation of the v0.2.1 PDK revision. 
            It is possible to assign different pins for the radio shield, but you might need to disable some of the PDK's functions, or modify connections by cutting or soldering PDK bridges.
```

            +---------------+-------------+

>             | SX126X shield | nRF54l15pdk |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            | SX126X shield | nRF54L15 PDK |
```
table needs alignment due to extra space

            +===============+=============+
            | BUSY          | P1.12       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | DIO1          | P1.10       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | NSS           | P2.10       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | ANT_SW        | P2.07       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | SPI MOSI      | P2.08       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | SPI MISO      | P2.09       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | SPI SCK       | P2.06       |
            +---------------+-------------+
            | NRESET        | P1.11       |
            +---------------+-------------+

>          .. tab:: @0.3.0 / @0.7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .. tab:: PDK revision v0.3.0 / v0.7.0
```

>             To use suggested pins, disable UART0 (Not used by Sidewalk sample) with the help of Board Configurator from nRF Connect for Desktop.

Reviewer 2: Please add link: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-board-configurator/page/index.html

Author: added link

>             To use suggested pins, disable UART0 (Not used by Sidewalk sample) with the help of Board Configurator from nRF Connect for Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To use the suggested pins, disable **UART0** (not used by Sidewalk samples) through Board Configurator tool in the nRF Connect for Desktop.
```
+link, as suggested above

>             Without this step the shield does not work, as some pins are by default connected to UART0 on board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This step is required for the shield to work as some pins are connected to **UART0** by default.
```

>             Valid Borad Configurator for the suggested pin layout is shown on the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            See a board configuration for the suggested pin layout:
```

            .. figure:: /images/board_configurator_nrf54l15_0_3_0.png

            +---------------+-------------+

>             | SX126X shield | nRF54l15pdk |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            | SX126X shield | nRF54L15 PDK |
```

    +---------------+-------------+
    | NRESET        | P0.04       |
    +---------------+-------------+
   
   .. tab:: nRF54L15 PDK

      The nRF54L15 PDK does not have the Arduino-compatible header.
      The connection layout may differ depending on the revision of your PDK.
      GPIO assignments are recommended by the Nordic Semiconductor. 

>       However, if you need to modify the pinout, refer to the `Infocenter`_ SoC documentation, as some functions are limited to dedicated pins. 

Reviewer: The infocenter will be shut down soon so we should refer techdocs instead (https://docs.nordicsemi.com/). Though to my knowledge there isn't any publicly available article yet that would describe it for nRF54L15 PDK. If that's the case I'm not sure if we should include this information at all

Author: OK removed this information. We will add a note about the GPIO limitations when the documentation for SoC will be public

>       The nRF54L15 PDK operates on lower voltage level (1.8V). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The nRF54L15 PDK operates on a lower voltage level (1.8V). 
```

      The Semtech Shield is compatible with this voltage and can be safely provided to the pin marked as 3.3V.
      Due to the lower voltage, the Semtech radio cannot achieve the full transmit power, and it will reach a plateau at 15 dBm gain even when a higher value is configured.

>       The specification of the Semtech module describes that it is possible to provide separate, higher voltage source for radio, while maintaining lower voltage for communication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The specification of the Semtech module describes that it is possible to provide a separate, higher voltage source for radio while maintaining the lower voltage for communication. 
```

      However, the recommended shield does not support this configuration.

      .. tabs::

         .. tab:: PDK revision v0.2.1

            The v0.2.1 PDK revision does not require any hardware modification, but the buttons are reused to connect the Semtech SX126X shield.

>             Pressing the buttons while working with Semtech module can lead to malfunctions and undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Pressing the buttons while working with the Semtech module can lead to malfunctions and undefined behavior.
```

            This issue is caused by the limitation of the v0.2.1 PDK revision. 
            It is possible to assign different pins for the radio shield, but you might need to disable some of the PDK's functions, or modify connections by cutting or soldering PDK bridges.

>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | SX126X shield | nRF54L15 PDK |
>             +===============+=============+
>             | BUSY          | P1.12       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | DIO1          | P1.10       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | NSS           | P2.10       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | ANT_SW        | P2.07       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | SPI MOSI      | P2.08       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | SPI MISO      | P2.09       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | SPI SCK       | P2.06       |
>             +---------------+-------------+
>             | NRESET        | P1.11       |
>             +---------------+-------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            +---------------+--------------+
            | SX126X shield | nRF54L15 PDK |
            +===============+==============+
            | BUSY          | P1.12        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | DIO1          | P1.10        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | NSS           | P2.10        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | ANT_SW        | P2.07        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | SPI MOSI      | P2.08        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | SPI MISO      | P2.09        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | SPI SCK       | P2.06        |
            +---------------+--------------+
            | NRESET        | P1.11        |
            +---------------+--------------+
```

the same needs to be done with the other table (if the number of characters isn't aligned the table won't render)

Author: ok
